MFL: Je voudrais un ananas is French for I would like a blank
History: In the final battle at Hastings, King Harold was killed by a blank in the eye
Geography: Plucking is a process of erosion that occurs during blank
blank?  There's an app for that.
Why can't I sleep at night?
What's that smell?
I got 99 problems but blank ain't one.
Maybe she's born with it.  Maybe it's blank.
What's the next Happy Meal&copy; toy?
Anthropologists have recently discovered a primitive tribe that worships blank.
It's a pity that kids these days are all getting involved with blank.
During Picasso's often-overlooked Brown Period, he produced hundreds of paintings of blank.
Alternative medicine is now embracing the curative powers of blank.
And the Academy Award for blank goes to blank.
What's that sound?
What ended my last relationship?
MTV's new reality show features eight washed-up celebrities living with blank.
I drink to forget blank.
I'm sorry professor, but I couldn't complete my homework because of blank.
What is Batman's guilty pleasure?
This is the way the world ends <br> This is the way the world ends <br> Not with a bang but with blank.
What's a girl's best friend?
TSA guidelines now prohibit blank on airplanes.
blank.  That's how I want to die.
For my next trick, I will pull blank out of blank.
In the new Disney Channel Original Movie, Hannah Montana struggles with blank for the first time.
blank is a slippery slope that leads to blank.
What does Dick Cheney prefer?
Dear Abby, I'm having some trouble with blank and would like your advice.
Instead of coal, Santa now gives the bad children blank.
What's the most emo?
In 1,000 years when paper money is but a distant memory, blank will be our currency.
What's the next superhero/sidekick duo?
In M. Night Shyamalan's new movie, Bruce Willis discovers that blank had really been blank all along.
A romantic, candlelit dinner would be incomplete without blank.
blank.  Becha can't have just one!
White people like blank.
blank.  High five, bro.
Next from J.K. Rowling: Harry Potter and the Chamber of blank.
BILLY MAYS HERE FOR blank.
In a world ravaged by blank, our only solace is blank.
War!  What is it good for?
During sex, I like to think about blank.
What are my parents hiding from me?
What will always get you laid?
In L.A. County Jail, word is you can trade 200 cigarettes for blank.
What did I bring back from Mexico?
What don't you want to find in your Chinese food?
What will I bring back in time to convince people that I am a powerful wizard?
How am I maintaining my relationship status?
blank.  It's a trap!
Coming to Broadway this season, blank: The Musical.
While the United States raced the Soviet Union to the moon, the Mexican government funneled millions of pesos into research on blank.
After the earthquake, Sean Penn brought blank to the people of Haiti.
Next on ESPN2, the World Series of blank.
Step 1: blank.  Step 2: blank.  Step 3: Profit.
Rumor has it that Vladimir Putin's favorite dish is blank stuffed with blank.
But before I kill you, Mr. Bond, I must show you blank.
What gives me uncontrollable gas?
What do old people smell like?
The class field trip was completely ruined by blank.
When Pharaoh remained unmoved, Moses called down a Plague of blank.
What's my secret power?
What's there a ton of in heaven?
What would grandma find disturbing, yet oddly charming?
I never truly understood blank until I encountered blank.
What did the U.S. airdrop to the children of Afghanistan?
What helps Obama unwind?
What did Vin Diesel eat for dinner?
blank: good to the last drop.
Why am I sticky?
What gets better with age?
blank: kid-tested, mother-approved.
What's the crustiest?
What's Teach for America using to inspire inner city students to succeed?
Studies show that lab rats navigate mazes 50% faster after being exposed to blank.
Life for American Indians was forever changed when the White Man introduced them to blank.
Make a haiku.
I do not know with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with blank.
Why do I hurt all over?
What am I giving up for Lent?
In Michael Jackson's final moments, he thought about blank.
In an attempt to reach a wider audience, the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History has opened an interactive exhibit on blank.
When I am President of the United States, I will create the Department of blank.
Lifetime&copy; presents blank, the story of blank.
When I am a billionaire, I shall erect a 50-foot statue to commemorate blank.
When I was tripping on acid, blank turned into blank.
That's right, I killed blank.  How, you ask?  blank.
What's my anti-drug?
blank + blank = blank.
What never fails to liven up the party?
What's the new fad diet?
Major League Baseball has banned blank for giving players an unfair advantage.
My plan for world domination begins with blank.
The CIA now interrogates enemy agents by repeatedly subjecting them to blank.
Dear Sir or Madam, We regret to inform you that the Office of blank has denied your request for blank
In Rome, there are whisperings that the Vatican has a secret room devoted to blank.
Science will never explain blank.
When all else fails, I can always masturbate to blank.
I learned the hard way that you can't cheer up a grieving friend with blank.
In its new tourism campaign, Detroit proudly proclaims that it has finally eliminated blank.
An international tribunal has found blank guilty of blank.
The socialist governments of Scandinavia have declared that access to blank is a basic human right.
In his new self-produced album, Kanye West raps over the sounds of blank.
What's the gift that keeps on giving?
Next season on Man vs. Wild, Bear Grylls must survive in the depths of the Amazon with only blank and his wits.
When I pooped, what came out of my butt?
In the distant future, historians will agree that blank marked the beginning of America's decline.
In a pinch, blank can be a suitable substitute for blank.
What has been making life difficult at the nudist colony?
Michael Bay's new three-hour action epic pits blank against blank.
And I would have gotten away with it, too, if it hadn't been for blank.
What brought the orgy to a grinding halt?
During his midlife crisis, my dad got really into blank.
blank would be woefully incomplete without blank.
My new favorite porn star is Joey &#34;blank&#34; McGee.
Before I run for president, I must destroy all evidence of my involvement with blank.
This is your captain speaking. Fasten your seatbelts and prepare for blank.
In his newest and most difficult stunt, David Blaine must escape from blank.
The Five Stages of Grief: denial, anger, bargaining, blank, and acceptance.
My mom freaked out when she looked at my browser history and found blank.com/blank.
I went from blank to blank, all thanks to blank.
Members of New York's social elite are paying thousands of dollars just to experience blank.
This month's Cosmo: &#34;Spice up your sex life by bringing blank into the bedroom.&#34;
Little Miss Muffet Sat on a tuffet, Eating her curds and blank.
If God didn't want us to enjoy blank, he wouldn't have given us blank.
My country, 'tis of thee, sweet land of blank.
After months of debate, the Occupy Wall Street General Assembly could only agree on &#34;More blank!&#34;
I spent my whole life working toward blank, only to have it ruined by blank.
Next time on Dr. Phil: How to talk to your child about blank.
Only two things in life are certain: death and blank.
Everyone down on the ground! We don't want to hurt anyone. We're just here for blank.
The healing process began when I joined a support group for victims of blank.
The votes are in, and the new high school mascot is blank.
Charades was ruined for me forever when my mom had to act out blank.
Before blank, all we had was blank.
Tonight on 20/20: What you don't know about blank could kill you.
You haven't truly lived until you've experienced blank and blank at the same time.
D&D 4.0 isn't real D&D because of the blank.
It's a D&D retroclone with blank added.
Storygames aren't RPGs because of the blank.
The Slayer's Guide to blank.
Worst character concept ever: blank, but with blank.
Alightment: Chaotic blank
It's a D&D retroclone with blank added.
What made the paladin fall? blank
The portal leads to the quasi-elemental plane of blank.
The Temple of Elemental blank.
Pathfinder is basically D&D blank Edition.
blank : The Storytelling Game.
People are wondering why Steve Jackson published GURPS blank.
Linear Fighter, Quadratic blank.
You start with 1d4 blank points.
Back when I was 12 and I was just starting playing D&D, the game had blank.
Big Eyes, Small blank.
In the grim darkness of the future there is only blank.
My innovative new RPG has a stat for blank.
A true gamer has no problem with blank.
Elminster cast a potent blank spell and then had sex with blank.
The Deck of Many blank.
You are all at a tavern when blank approach you.
For the convention I cosplayed as Sailor Moon, except with blank.
The worst part of Grave of the Fireflies is all the blank.
In the Evangelion remake, Shinji has to deal with blank.
Worst anime convention purchase ever? blank.
While powering up Vegeta screamed, blank!
You evaded my blank attack. Most impressive.
I downloaded a doujin where blank got into blank.
The magical girl found out that the Power of Love is useless against blank.
The Japanese government has spent billions of yen researching blank.
In the dubbed version they changed blank into blank.
blank is Best Pony.
The blank of Haruhi Suzumiya.
The new thing in Akihabara is fetish cafes where you can see girls dressed up as blank.
Your drill can pierce blank!
Avatar: The Last blank bender.
In the name of blank Sailor Moon will punish you!
No harem anime is complete without blank.
My boyfriend's a blank now.
The blank of blank has left me in despair!
blank.tumblr.com
Somehow they made a cute mascot girl out of blank.
Haruko hit Naoto in the head with her bass guitar and blank came out.
After blacking out during New year's Eve, I was awoken by blank.
This holiday season, Tim Allen must overcome his fear of blank to save Christmas.
Jesus is blank.
Every Christmas, my uncle gets drunk and tells the story about blank.
What keeps me warm during the cold, cold, winter?
On the third day of Christmas, my true love gave to me: three French hens, two turtle doves, and blank.
Wake up, America. Christmas is under attack by secular liberals and their blank.
We got the third rope, now where's the fourth?
Tonights main event, blank vs. blank.
Tackle, Dropdown, blank.
Christopher Daniels is late on his blank.
Instead of booking blank, they should have booked blank.
Genius is 10% inspiration, 90% blank.
They found blank in the dumpster behind blank.
The best thing I ever got for Christmas was blank.
There's no crying in blank.
Mastodon! Pterodactyl! Triceratops! Sabretooth Tiger! blank!
Don't eat the blank.
He did blank with the blank!?!
SOOOOO hot, want to touch the blank.
Stop looking at me blank!
I'm cuckoo for blank puffs.
Silly rabbit, blank are for kids.
Between love and madness lies blank.
Instead of chess, the Grim Reaper now gambles for your soul with a game of blank.
My father gave his life fighting to protect blank from blank.
Why is my throat sore?
blank sparked a city-wide riot that only ended with blank.
I’m very sorry Mrs. Smith, but Little Billy has tested positive for blank.
Instead of beating them, Chris Brown now does blank to women.
Instead of cutting, trendy young emo girls now engage in blank.
The definition of rock bottom is gambling away blank.
The Mayan prophecies really heralded the coming of blank in 2012.
The next US election will be fought on the key issues of blank against blank.
When I was 10 I wrote to Santa wishing for blank.
Where or How I met my last signifigant other: blank.
blank, Never leave home without it.
blank. This is my fetish.
David Icke's newest conspiracy theory states that blank caused blank.
I did blank so you don't have to!
I need your clothes, your bike, and blank.
In a new Cold War retro movie, the red menace tries to conquer the world through the cunning use of blank.
In college, our lecturer made us write a report comparing blank to blank.
In The Hangover part 3, those four guys have to deal with blank, blank, and blank.
My zombie survival kit includes food, water, and blank.
The way to a man's heart is through blank.
What was the theme of my second wedding?
What's the newest Japanese craze to head West?
Everybody loves blank.
I can only express myself through blank.
My new porn DVD was completely ruined by the inclusion of blank
My three wishes will be for blank, blank, and blank.
The latest horrifying school shooting was inspired by blank.
I got fired because of my not-so-secret obsession over blank.
My new favourite sexual position is blank
A successful job interview begins with a firm handshake and ends with blank.
Lovin' you is easy 'cause you're blank.
My life is ruled by a vicious cycle of blank and blank.
The blind date was going horribly until we discovered our shared interest in blank.
blank. Awesome in theory, kind of a mess in practice.
I'm not like the rest of you. I'm too rich and busy for blank.
In the seventh circle of Hell, sinners must endure blank for all eternity.
blank: Hours of fun. Easy to use. Perfect for blank!
What left this stain on my couch?
Call the law offices of Goldstein & Goldstein, because no one should have to tolerate blank in the workplace.
When you get right down to it, blank is just blank.
Turns out that blank-Man was neither the hero we needed nor wanted.
As part of his daily regimen, Anderson Cooper sets aside 15 minutes for blank.
Money can't buy me love, but it can buy me blank.
With enough time and pressure, blank will turn into blank.
And what did you bring for show and tell?
During high school, I never really fit in until I found blank club.
Hey, baby, come back to my place and I'll show you blank.
After months of practice with blank, I think I'm finally ready for blank.
To prepare for his upcoming role, Daniel Day-Lewis immersed himself in the world of blank.
Finally! A service that delivers blank right to your door.
My gym teacher got fired for adding blank to the obstacle course.
Having problems with blank? Try blank!
As part of his contract, Prince won't perform without blank in his dressing room.
Listen, son. If you want to get involved with blank, I won't stop you. Just steer clear of blank.
I just met you and this is crazy, but here's blank, so blank maybe
It's only blank if you get caught!
blank: The Next Generation
Terminator 4: blank
Disney presents blank on ice!
blank. The other white meat.
A blank a day keeps the blank away.
I'm sweating like a blank at a blank.
I love the smell of blank in the morning.
You're not gonna believe this, but blank.
blank. All the cool kids are doing it.
So I was blank in my cubicle at work, and suddenly blank!
Baskin Robbins just added a 32nd flavor: blank!
I can drive and blankblankblankblank at the same time.
blank ain't nothin' to fuck wit'!